docs: add use cases (#269)
vanus-labs/docs: content/introduction/use-cases.md

---
title: Use cases
id: use-cases
---

# Vanus Use Cases

> Here are some popular use cases for Vanus, please refer to the blog for detailed cases.

Author: ```suggestion
Here are some popular use cases for Vanus; please refer to the blogs for detailed cases.
```

## Data Pipeline

Vanus makes it easy for developers to build data pipelines from event sources to data lakes, enabling real-time data analysis for a wide range of use cases, including:

> - **Ad Campaign Optimization**: Sync customer data from Snowflake to Google Ads in real-time to optimize campaigns and improve ROI.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Optimize Ad Campaign**: Sync customer data from snowflake to google ads to optimize campaigns.
```

> - **Dynamic Customer 360**: Capture data in real-time from websites and social media to build dynamic, comprehensive customer 360 views.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Dynamic Customer 360**: Get data from websites and social media to build dynamic customer 360.
```

> - **Business Opportunity Mining**: Sync customer leads obtained from LinkedIn and Twitter to Snowflake for mining and analysis, helping identify new business opportunities.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Business Opportunity Mining**: Sync customer leads obtained from Linkedin and Twitter to Snowflake.
```

> - **User Behavior Analysis**: Sync user website click data to Snowflake for analysis, optimizing the user journey and improving engagement.

Author: ```suggestion
- **User Behavior Analysis**: Sync user websites' click data to Snowflake to optimize user journeys.
```

> - **Optimizing User Experience**: Send Gmail messages to users before successful registration, on their birthday, or when their product trial ends to improve their experience.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Optimize User Experience**: Send emails based on specific events: registration, birthday, or product trial ends.
```

> - **Slack Data Analysis**: Obtain information from the Slack customer community and sync it to BigQuery for mining, gaining valuable insights into customer needs and preferences.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Slack Data Analysis**: Obtain messages in Slack customer community and sync them to BigQuery.
```

> ## Connection

Author: ```suggestion
## Integration
```

Vanus offers a variety of ways for developers to quickly establish connections between SaaS applications. including:

> - **GitHub event notification**: Easily deliver any event generated on GitHub.

Author: ```suggestion
- **GitHub to Slack**: Receive notifications in Slack on any GitHub events.
```

> - **Salesforce leads**: Synchronize potential users acquired on LinkedIn to Salesforce.

Author: ```suggestion
- **LinkedIn to Salesforce**: Synchronize potential users data on LinkedIn to Salesforce.
```

> - **Sheet record ad leads**: Automatically create Google Sheet records for new Facebook ad leads.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Facebook Ads to Google Sheets**: Create a new row on Google Sheets for each Facebook Ads lead.
```

> - **Send email with Webhook**: Set up a webhook to send a Gmail email after receiving a request.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Connect the Webhook to Email**: Send emails with newly caught webhooks.
```

> - **Store change data**: Automatically synchronize new records added to MySQL to Google Sheets.

Author: ```suggestion
- **MySQL to Google Sheets**: Create a new row on Google Sheets for each MySQL record.
```

> - **User login reminder**: Send Gmail emails to users when they log in through Auth0.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Google Calendar to Slack**: Send a message on Slack Channel when Google Calendar events begin.
```

> - **meeting Reminder**: Set up a Slack notification to remind participants before a Google Calendar meeting starts.

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Cloud Services

Vanus enables developers to easily build event-driven systems using cloud services, including:

> - **Automatic identification of electronic invoices**: Upload invoices to an S3 bucket, automatically identify the relevant information and sync it with Salesforce.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Identify electronic invoices**: Upload S3 invoices to identify information and sync results to Salesforce.
```

> - **Illegal image identification**: Identify offending images uploaded to S3 and receive a notification via Gmail.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Illegal image identification**: Identify sensitive images uploaded to s3 and send notifications to Gmail.
```

> - **Webhook trigger function**: Trigger AWS Lambda when a new webhook request is received.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Webhook triggers function**: Trigger an AWS Lambda with newly caught webhooks.
```

> - **Cloud bill reminder**: Set up Slack or Gmail reminders for Amazon cloud bills.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Cloud bill reminder**: Set up Slack messages or Gmail reminders for Amazon bills.
```

> - **Prometheus alarm notifications**: Get Prometheus alarm information and receive notifications via Slack or Gmail.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Prometheus alarm**: Send Prometheus alarm information in Slack or Gmail.
```

> - **CDC trigger function**: Get database change events and trigger AWS Lambda or Google Cloud Function.

Author: ```suggestion
- **CDC trigger function**: Trigger an AWS Lambda with a Database changing event.
```

> ## Job Scheduling

Author: ```suggestion
## Scheduling
```

Developers can utilize Vanus for job scheduling and automation, including:

> - **Kubernetes Job**: Schedule regular triggers for Kubernetes jobs.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Kubernetes Job**: Regularly trigger a Kubernetes job.
```

> - **Cloud Function**: Schedule regular triggers for cloud functions like AWS Lambda and Google Cloud Functions.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Cloud function**: Regularly trigger cloud functions (AWS Lambda or GCP Functions).
```

> - **Webhook**: Schedule regular webhook calls.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Webhook**: Regularly trigger a Webhook request.
```

> - **Email Automation**: Schedule regular Gmail messages to be sent.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Send Gmail**: Send Gmails periodically.
```

> - **Slack Automation**: Schedule regular messages to be sent to Slack channels.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Slack Message**: Regularly send messages to a Slack channel.
```

> - **Amazon SQS**: Schedule periodic events to be sent to SQS.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Amazon SQS**: Periodically send events to Amazon SQS.
```

In conclusion, Vanus provides developers with a powerful platform to build a variety of event-driven systems, including
data pipelines, connections between SaaS, cloud services, and job scheduling. With Vanus, you can streamline your
workflow and automate repetitive tasks to save time and increase productivity. To learn more about these and other

> use cases, please visit [our blog](https://www.vanus.ai/blog/). We are constantly updating our blog with new use cases and best practices to help

Author: ```suggestion
use cases, please visit [our blogs](https://www.vanus.ai/blog/). We are constantly updating our blogs with new use cases and best practices to help
```
